Group 01 - D&DCC - Meeting 9

Meeting Date: 3/20/2021

Location: Discord Virtual Meeting

Facilitator: Ari. J

Minute Taker: Jon Nation

Duration: 40 mins


Present: Jon Nation, Skyler Hanson, Ari Jaramillo, Hannah Trenary

Absent: Grace Hsieh, Richard McCormick


Start time: 1:00pm MST

End time:  1:40pm MST


Review of D4 - 1:00PM

Looking over at the deliverable after some big changes to the project.

Most of D4 is complete and the group will finish D4 today in this meeting.


Reviewing what could happen with the project - 1:04PM

Maybe making the website all php with the idea from a web comic.

Easy access to all data with this idea


Working on D4 - 1:06PM

One person is writing the last part of D4 in while everyone is discussing what should be implemented into the last part of D4.

Once finished we started wrapping up the last part of D4 and saved it to Github


D5 Time - 1:20PM

Looking over D5 and what we need to work on to fully complete it by next week.

Research for this.

Part 1: One Person

Part 2 & 3: People who did the SQL for D4 (Pair of People) (Wed/Thurs)

Part 4: Based on 2 and 3. Can be done by anyone or a pair of people (Pair of People)

Part 5: Someone who would want to research and figure out the design for the system (Pair of People)

Part 6: One person can get this done.


Who is working on what?

Part 1: Hannah (Done by Mon)

Part 2 & 3: Grace and Richard (Done by Wed/Thurs)

Part 4: Ari & Hannah (Done by Fri/Sat. Needs 2 & 3 to work on this)

Part 5: Sky & Jon (Can ask “Backend” about the code part) (Done by Fri/Sat. Needs 2 & 3 to work on this)

Part 6: Ari (Done by Fri/Sat. Probably needs 2 & 3 to work on this)


Website - 1:35PM

Changing most of the website into PHP. Ari has some time this weekend to help fix this.

If PHP works we could get rid of the JS since PHP has an easier way to grab data

If people have time to work on the website then
