Group 01 - D&DCC - Meeting 10 
Meeting Date: 3/20/2021 
Location: Discord Virtual Meeting 
Facilitator: Ari. J 
Minute Taker: Grace Hsieh 
Duration: 45 min  

Present: Jon Nation, Skyler Hanson, Ari Jaramillo, Hannah Trenary, Grace Hsieh  
Absent: Richard McCormick 

Start time: 1:43pm MST  
End time:  2:28pm MST 

Deliverable 5 - Review - 1:43 
- Part 5 Actively being finished  
- QA needs to happen  

Next Deliverable due April 11 - 1:50  
 - 4. Code Quality  
 - Camel Case Variables 
 - No one letter variables  
 - White Space  

Actual Deliverable Needs - 2:00 
 - Switch to PHP more still 
 - SQL stuff needs to actually work 
 - Concept of creating a login  
 - Guide(s) with basic information  
 - Pop up descriptions etc would support users  
 - (? Dynamic Character Sheet)  
      More likely editable for certain aspects  
      HP  
      Hit Dice  
      Ignore leveling for now 
 - Automation of Different Aspects (Traits mostly)  
 - Race 
Class 
Proficiency   

Wrap up - 2:25  
- Do the things. Make the things. Do as much as you can by next week or else. 
- Ari MIA for next weekend (probobly) 

