Group 01 - D&DCC - Meeting 12  
Meeting Date: 4/10/2021  
Location: Discord Virtual Meeting  
Facilitator: Ari Jaramillo  
Minute Taker: Grace Hsieh  
Duration: 37 minutes  

Present: Jon Nation, Grace Hsieh, Ari Jaramillo, Hannah Trenary  
Absent: Richard McCormick, Skyler Hanson  

Start time: 2:43pm MST  
End time:  3:20pm MST  

Deliverable Talks - 2:44  
- Implemented Requirements, Finish By tonight  
- Lessons Learned: Richard MIA  
- Demo: Ari has it  

Issues or Otherwise - 2:50  
- PHP Issues  
- Hostwinds might have screwed it up   
- Final decision is that its just not working for background reasons  

Extended Conversation About Who Is Doing What: Highlights - 2:55  
- Ari + Grace is going to try to get it to really be working  
- Pull Requests on GitHub donâ€™t really exist.    
- Everyone has just been pushing straight to main  

D7 - 3:04  
- Intro  
- Almost copy Paste  
- Unit Test  
- At least 2 people research verification - due tuesday (Hannah Ari?)  
- Validation, 3 Users
- Writing Script - Jon  
